about.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

### Publications ###

* [AI2: Abstract Interpretation of Neural Networks](http://ai2.ethz.ch/)  
  Timon Gehr, Matthew Mirman, Dana Drachsler Cohen, Petar Tsankov, Swarat Chaudhuri, Martin Vechev,
  IEEE S&P 2018

* [Inversion of Quadratic Bezier Triangles](http://www.ams.sunysb.edu/~jsbm/fwcg10/papers/p04.pdf)  
  Gary L. Miller, Matthew Mirman, Todd Phillips  
  Fall Workshop in Computational Geometry 2010 - Poster

### Education ###

* __Carnegie Mellon University__, SCS, August 2012 – May 2014  
  MSCS in Computer Science  
  Thesis: [Logic Programming and Type Inference with the Calculus of Constructions](/images/CMU-CS-14-110.pdf)  
  Advisor: Frank Pfenning  


* __Carnegie Mellon University__, SCS, August 2009 – May 2012  
  BS in Computer Science, with University Honors  
  College Honors Thesis: [Modes for Non Strict Functional Logic Languages](/images/undergrad_thesis.pdf)  
  Advisor: Frank Pfenning  

* __Carnegie Mellon University__, MCS, August 2009 – May 2012  
  BS in Mathematical Sciences, with University Honors

### Contact me 

* [matt@mirman.com](mailto:matt@mirman.com)
* [matthew.mirman@inf.ethz.ch](mailto:matthew.mirman@inf.ethz.ch)

Commit message:

updated personal page even more

about.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

I am a PhD student at the Department of Computer Science at ETH Zurich as part of the Software Reliability Lab since January 2017.

### Publications ###

* [AI2: Abstract Interpretation of Neural Networks](http://ai2.ethz.ch/)  
  Timon Gehr, Matthew Mirman, Dana Drachsler Cohen, Petar Tsankov, Swarat Chaudhuri, Martin Vechev,
  IEEE S&P 2018

* [Inversion of Quadratic Bezier Triangles](http://www.ams.sunysb.edu/~jsbm/fwcg10/papers/p04.pdf)  
  Gary L. Miller, Matthew Mirman, Todd Phillips  
  Fall Workshop in Computational Geometry 2010 - Poster

### Education ###

* __ETH Zurich__, [Software Reliability Lab](https://www.srl.inf.ethz.ch/), January 2017 – Current
  PhD in Computer Science  
  Advisor: [Martin Vechev](https://www.srl.inf.ethz.ch/vechev.php)

* __Carnegie Mellon University__, SCS, August 2012 – May 2014  
  MSCS in Computer Science  
  Thesis: [Logic Programming and Type Inference with the Calculus of Constructions](/images/CMU-CS-14-110.pdf)  
  Advisor: [Frank Pfenning](http://www.cs.cmu.edu/~fp/)

* __Carnegie Mellon University__, SCS, August 2009 – May 2012  
  BS in Computer Science, with University Honors  
  College Honors Thesis: [Modes for Non Strict Functional Logic Languages](/images/undergrad_thesis.pdf)  
  Advisor: [Frank Pfenning](http://www.cs.cmu.edu/~fp/)

* __Carnegie Mellon University__, MCS, August 2009 – May 2012  
  BS in Mathematical Sciences, with University Honors

### Projects ###

* [Caledon:](https://github.com/mmirman/caledon)
A higher order meta-programming logic language typed by a pure type system with an infinite universe heirarchy and first class type inference.

* [Forward-Chan:](https://github.com/mmirman/forward-chan) 
An implementation of a more general "forward" primitive used in the identity rule for the proof terms of the sequent calculus formulation of linear logic, based on traditional channel primitives and mutation.

* [ImperativeHaskell:](https://github.com/mmirman/imperativehaskell) 
Proof that haskell can look and act like an imperative language, with a diverse set of imperative primitives

* [RPC-framework:](https://github.com/mmirman/rpc-framework) 
An RPC library for haskell that makes construction of anonymous services both well typed and easy to use, with a modal typed seperating worlds api. Only works with older GHC versions.

* [Conpig:](https://github.com/mmirman/conpig) 
An alternative green threading library for python that automates more of the concurrency.

* [Raskell:](https://github.com/mmirman/raskell) 
linear and ordered typed tagless DSLs.

### Contact me 

* [matt@mirman.com](mailto:matt@mirman.com)
* [matthew.mirman@inf.ethz.ch](mailto:matthew.mirman@inf.ethz.ch)
